Relax `resource.name` rules but keep it required and unique (#27)
frictionlessdata/datapackage: content/docs/specifications/data-package.md

##### `name`

> A short url-usable (and preferably human-readable) name of the package. This `SHOULD` be lower-case and contain only alphanumeric characters along with ".", "\_" or "-" characters. It will function as a unique identifier and therefore `SHOULD` be unique in relation to any registry in which this package will be deposited (and preferably globally unique).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A simple name or identifier for the package.

The name `SHOULD` be human-readable and consist only of lowercase alphanumeric characters plus ".", "-" and "\_".

The name `SHOULD` be unique in relation to any registry in which this package will be deposited (and preferably globally unique).
```

- Rewrote to align with resource `name`
- Removed the url-usable (since this aligns with the character recommendation)
